Forgot your password
As you rouse your computer from its deep slumber, it presents you with a familiar screen: a red background, with some text informing you that your device is locked. You move your cursor over the familiar dialogue box, and…  [random chance]
	(Success) type in your password, moving on to more important things.
	(Failure) type in your password. Your computer thinks for a moment then responds with a large “Password Incorrect” message. Huh? That’s odd, you know your own password, and you’ve used the same one since high school… You should probably have changed it since then but you know, I’m sorry, knew your password. Well not much left to do but start guessing.

Tired
As you work you begin to feel your mind lagging behind your fingers. A yawn escapes your lips as you stretch your back. The call of sleep enters your mind as you consider stopping to rest your eyes.
	(Take a nap) Giving into your desires you wander off to find a comfortable corner or unused chair to take a nap. [Resolved]
	(Ignore) Sleep is for the weak, you keep working…
As the clock keeps ticking, the feeling of weariness grows within you, the sandman is singing his lullabies to you. You…
	(Sleep) allow him to sing you to sleep, making sure to save your work before allowing the gentle waves of dreamy shores to wash over you. [Resolved]
	(Ignore) shake it off and keep working. Sleep is for the weak, right?
Your work has slowed noticeably, and the sandman’s lullabies have turned into harsh commands. You struggle to stay awake as the sandman bombards you with thoughts of dreams and the promise of rest. You…	[random chance]
	(Crash) succumb to sleep. After a long struggle you’re final defense has fallen and you crash hard. You sleep in your chair as time marches on without you.
	(2nd wind) suddenly feel a breath of fresh air. For reasons unknown all the tiredness you felt has been supplemented with a sense of purpose. The sandman has been routed by burning swords as your mind sharpens itself against the challenges you face. You knew it, sleep is for the weak.

Need to use the bathroom
	You’re working quietly when all of a sudden hear a rumbling that breaks your train of thought. After a few moments you deduce that the noise emanated from none other than your own abdomen. You begin to question if you’re hungry, but that train of thought too, is interrupted with a firm feeling in your gut. This was not hunger. This was a bathroom required type of issue. You decided…
	(Go) that when you got to go, you got to go; as you head off to the nearest restroom. [Resolved]
	(Don’t go) that you could hold it.
As time goes own you manage to quell the feeling in your gut, but now it’s back with a vengeance. You…
	(Go)  decide that you should likely go, and make your way to the bathroom. [Resolved]
	(Don’t go again) know that you’re stronger than this, and ignore it.
You manage to keep on keeping on for some time, before the lump in your stomach begins a full uprising. You feel yourself start to violently shake as you make up in your mind the proper course of action. You calmly get up from your seated position, and set off at a dead sprint for the closest bathroom. You. Regret. Everything. [Resolved]

Import Antigravity
Type type type, click click click. The keys pound down on the keyboard as you slowly whittle away the hours masterfully crafting code. Then into your mind pops a rumor you heard once, that if you told the interpreter to input antigravity that you would be taken to a comic site. Bored and at wits end, you decide that you deserve a little break. You type with a renewed vigor, placing in “input antigravity”. A loud humming fills the room, as you suddenly feel like your falling… up? [random chance]
	(Take computer up with you) You grab your computer as you start to slowly float away towards the ceiling. You just float on, it’s alright already, because you’ll just float on the ceiling.  A change of perspective is all you needed, enjoy your time up here.
	(Floats up without computer) You’re taken by surprise as gravity suddenly reverses itself. In your shock you hit the ceiling as your computer hits it further than you would appreciate. After a bit of moaning and groaning, you figure that the only way down is with the same power that got you up here, and you start to do the most awkward turtle crawly you can towards your computer. Swim my weird turtle thing, swim.
	(Computer goes up without you) No not you, your stuff. You watch as your computer finishes interpreting the code and begins to fly up, up, and away from you. Well then, your computer is on the ceiling and your still on the floor. What now smart guy?

Getting Hungry
As you work you feel a pit forming in your stomach. Fantasies of food start to play in your head. You’re hungry. You…
	(Eat) get some grub, you’re hungry after all.
	(Ignore) ignore it for now.
Your hunger begins to nag at you, making itself known but not unbearable. You…
	(Eat) get some food.
	(Ignore) keep trucking, you can finish this code then get some food.
Your hunger becomes unbearable, it was a mistake to put it off this long. Hunger taunts you with fabricated smells of tasty treats. [Random Chance]
	(Hot Pocket Delivery) The smell of pizza weaves through the air, you must be going mad with hunger. No wait, that’s real. You can smell it, no illusionary mirage could replicate this smell; this is the smell of, Hot Pocket! Your teammate ran out to grab some more hot pockets! You find your second wind as you eat to your hot cheesy fill, never having lost a moment of time.
	(Pass Out) The room begins to spin, you realize now that you shouldn’t have skipped breakfast and lunch since yesterday.  You feel weak, and know that taking a quick nap is all that you need to keep going. You close your eyes.

Movie
You hear some people talking in the hallway nearby before they enter the room you’re in. They want to put on a movie and want your opinion on what they should put on as you are in the room with the largest screen available. You…
	(Recommend a nature documentary) recommend a nice relaxing nature documentary, something that you could put on and work to, where no one will get distracted by it. Respecting your wishes because it’s your room, they put on a nature documentary. As the movie progresses you find it becoming more and more difficult to keep your eyes open, and eventually nod off for the duration of the film.
	(Put on an okay movie) recommend a movie that you’ve all seen before. One that you know you can ignore and continue working through. They reluctantly agree, as a movie that no one really likes is put on, motivating everyone to work harder rather than pay attention. Good going, kill joy.
	(Out on an Action Movie) recommend putting on an action movie, something good to watch. Your friends whole heartedly agree. You try to keep working, but fail miserably at that. You get caught up in the movie too, even though the plotline is poorly thought out. The movie’s over and you’ve done nothing productive the whole time. You even spend some extra time chatting with your friends. Work is boring after all.

New Code Snippet Needed
As you work you run into an issue, but you don’t have any code to fix the issue. You think it might be a minor issue, but you’re not certain.  You…
	(Ignore) ignore it. After coding for a while longer however, you discover that it was in fact an important piece of code. You have to write it anyways, killing time fixing all the bugs that the new code caused.
(work on it) start trying to fix it. It goes… [random chance]
	(well) rather well, you’re proud of your work. But it’s not done quite yet… [random chance]
		(discovered API) In your efforts to create the code, you discovered an API that does exactly what you needed it too, for this and the next bit too! Great job, now you don’t have to worry about the next segment of code.
		(made it) [random chance]
			(works) … And now you are.
			(old code works) Wait what was that? Is that what you think it was? Yes, it is! Some of your old broken code has begun to work again, you’re not sure why but this code has revived that code and that’s all you want to know.
	(poorly) rather poorly, you’re not proud but you have to try and salvage this as much as you can, you… [random chance]
		(char*)  forgot to null terminate a char* in C. You are now reading garbage.
		(Forgot to save) pressed it. You can’t believe you just pressed it. All this hard work and you pressed not only “close” but “don’t save” as well. It was at that exact moment that you remembered, you never once saved the code. With little else left to do, you start all over again.

New Member
As your working one of your teammates introduces to a potential new member to your team. They think they might be able to help. Do you let them?
	(No) No you don’t let them. They leave slightly disappointed.
	(Yes) Sure why not, you take a risk on them. What’s the worst that could happen? [random event]
		(helpful) As it turns out not much, they’re rather quite helpful. In fact, you would even venture to say that… [RC]
			(Nice) they know their stuff, and they can even help you.
			(Genius) That they border on genius level, solving issues you didn’t even know you had yet.
		(Sucks) This that’s the worst that could happen, not only is he not especially helpful but he’s… [rc]
			(Hurts) Making things worse, he’s breaking old code and making seemingly random changes to your perfectly good project. How rude.
			(Murderer) got an odd vibe about him. Constantly changing things and always keeping his eyes shifting towards the exit. After a bit of his rampage through your progress, he goes on a bathroom break and… [rc]
				(done) you never see hide nor tail of him again.
				(police) he’s nowhere to be found. You don’t especially care that he’s gone missing, you like it a bit in fact. You like it up until the police show up asking about him. As it turns out he was wanted for murder. The police seize your computer as evidence against him. After a quick check your entire team is still accounted for. You knew something was wrong with that guy.

Server Issues
You start to prepare yourself for the big part, setting up the server. You quickly practice some zen meditation before allowing yourself the agony of trying to create the most okayest server you can in 24 hours. You…
	(compile the server) try to do it yourself… [rc]
		(Works) and it didn’t even make weird noises, nice going!
		(Sort of works) and you could call it a server, it does work after all.
		(fails) and you can’t figure out what you’re doing, you can’ find anything you’re looking for, and nothing seems to make sense, you think you should just go look it up online. [go to online search random chance]
	(Try looking online for it) head over to google, this problem isn’t unique to you and most likely someone make a tutorial for it somewhere.
		(Found it) You find it with some swift googling and get things rolling smoothly again.
		(Wrong OS) You find a server and set it up. When you go to test it however, you discover that you built it for the wrong operating system. Google can’t help you now, only thing you can do is hunker down and try to fix it yourself. [go to compile server random chance]
